feat(curriculum): add steps for employee profile generator workshop (#64896)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-generator/695c9c7c61d446f1451e0ae7.md

---
id: 695c9c7c61d446f1451e0ae7
title: Step 4
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

> Let us now create a variable to store the Employee's address. Create a variable `address` and store `123 Main Street` in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a variable `address` to store the employee's address and assign it the string `123 Main Street`.
```

# --hints--

> You should use the `=` operator to add `'123 Main Street'` to the `address` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have a variable named `address`.
```

---
id: 695c9c7c61d446f1451e0ae7
title: Step 4
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

Next, create a variable `address` to store the employee's address and assign it the string `123 Main Street`, and finally print `address`.

# --hints--

You should have a variable named `address`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_variable("address")`)) })
```

> You should assign the string `123 Main Street` to your `address` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should assign the string `123 Main Street` to your `address` variable. Remember to enclose the text between either single or double quotes.
```
